tricked him for today
nollie inward heels okay we're Nelly
ever heal you can place your front foot
which is your pop foot wherever those
cars were popping out on telling doing
go front stop shoving your back foot
however you think you're going to be
able to do it and where he'll best
normally I find it better to do it like
if you have a very good position do it
that same way because of you variable to
get a little bit more of a flake without
too much of a catch with your back foot
come as your pop it pop it and then we
your front foot you're gonna kind of
slide it out like that or sometimes just
kick it straight off whichever one will
work I find it easier just kind of trick
or treat it like a I guess maybe someone
like a scissor kick it's where I go like
this and it that foot will bring this
pop that way this button flick but it
won't catch the nose it'll just flick
off and it'll make it flip without
canceling this rotation so I do it it
goes in between my legs does the flip
and I catch it and plan sometimes when
you have your foot and I've seen some
people do it where they have most of the
foot on versus having just their heel on
you can do it that way but most of
caffeic castles of rotations because
when you pop it you'll flick out and too
much of your foots on about time he gets
here here's your heel and it'll hit it
and I'll just do it like that same going
all the way in
one more thing I forgot to mention when
you're doing this you must have your
front foot weighted down notice how my
boards kind of bending this way I'm kind
of over dramatis izing it but this is
what it should feel like you shouldn't
be back here if you're back here it
doesn't rotate very well it'll come
straight up and I'll do a half flip
around like that make sure can't stress
this enough you're like this on your
board
I'm strict it for today go out runnin
the next out of you free ow